Update JetBrains IDE plugin Live Debugger documentation (#29734)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/ide_plugins/idea/live_debugger.md

title: Live Debugger
type: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "/tracing/live_debugger/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn more about Live Debugger"
- link: "/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Source Code Integration."
---

## Overview

> The Live Debugger enables you to add logpoints—auto-expiring, "non-breaking breakpoints"—to your runtime code to collect information for debugging. The logpoints are added dynamically, so there is no need to redeploy your code, allowing you to quickly resolve issues in a running system. You can edit or delete logpoints at any time, and they automatically expire after 60 minutes.

Reviewer: The quotes are a little ambiguous, prob better to just omit them. If there's a specific reason for them, maybe add more explanation for clarity, but this seems clear enough to me.
```suggestion
The Live Debugger enables you to add logpoints—auto-expiring, non-breaking breakpoints—to your runtime code to collect information for debugging. The logpoints are added dynamically, so there is no need to redeploy your code, allowing you to resolve issues in a running system. You can edit or delete logpoints at any time, and they automatically expire after 60 minutes.
```
Also our style linter suggests omitting "quickly" bc it can be subjective, and I think this works fine without it—the more relevant point seems to be "in a running system."

To navigate to the source code location for a logpoint, right-click and select **Jump to Source**.

## Source editor
In the source editor, an icon is shown in the gutter for any line that has a logpoint defined:

{{< img src="/developers/ide_plugins/idea/live_debugger/gutter-icon.png" alt="Gutter icon in the source editor" style="width:100%;" >}}

Click the icon to open the Datadog tool window and show the selected logpoint. Right-click the icon for options to enable, disable, edit, and delete the logpoint. These actions are described in later sections.

## Managing logpoints

### Add a logpoint
To add a logpoint, right-click on a line of code in the source editor and select **Add a Log to a Live Service**. A dialog appears where you can enter the service name, the environment, the log message you would like to have emitted at runtime, and an optional logpoint condition expression:

{{< img src="/developers/ide_plugins/idea/live_debugger/new-logpoint.png" alt="Add a new log probe" style="width:75%;" >}}

> The log message field accepts a log template that contains descriptive text and variable references—see the [Dynamic Instrumentation expression language][3] documentation for details. The log message is generated using the runtime state immediately *prior* to the line of code being executed.  If a condition is defined, log events will be generated only when the condition evaluates to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log message field accepts a log template that contains descriptive text and variable references—see the [Dynamic Instrumentation expression language][3] documentation for details. The log message is generated using the runtime state immediately *prior* to the line of code being executed. If a condition is defined, log events are generated only when the condition evaluates to true.
```

Logpoints expire automatically after 60 minutes.

#### Local and remote versions

> Notice that the remote code may be a different version compared to the source code in the IDE. The New Logpoint dialog displays the version of the code that is deployed remotely, if possible, so that you can see exactly where the logpoint will be placed. This requires that your application or service is [tagged with Git information][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the remote code may be a different version compared to the source code in the IDE. The New Logpoint dialog displays the version of the code that is deployed remotely, if possible, so that you can see exactly where the logpoint is being placed. This requires that your application or service is [tagged with Git information][4].
```
